---
name: man_mystery
layout: default
title:  "Man's Gratest Mystery"
tags: silent_observer
---

Man’s greatest mystery

The desire for knowledge that is possessed by man, creates one of the most understated traits in our short history. We yearn for greater understanding in every aspect of our miniscule lives, we strive for academia in every field, and given time we nurture most aspects to their perspective peaks. Our thirst for eradicating the unknown pushes a greater narrative than we would ever suspect. We as a collective have risen in the hierarchy of earth in such a rapid succession, engraved in our culture the inventions of yesteryear, ever so convenient our lives have become, almost mundane. These grandiose achievements hinder our foreseeable future, we have arrived at complacency, the bane of any civilization seeking conquest of self. One barrier has yet to be overcome, it looms ever so present, from the conception of man, to the almost certain demise that shall befall us, this innate feature built into our very being, we are taught to respect it, to fear it, even to accept it as an inevitability. All of those before us and all of those after, shall inherit the same fate. Life given, life taken, the cycle of life and death, our final frontier. 

Beyond the waking mind looms a predestined occurrence, which all of mankind must come to terms with, our greatest minds, our greatest warriors, our greatest visionaries, have all succumbed to life’s end. Death may not ever be overcome, as it stands, death has never lost to life, delayed in certain scenarios, but never bested. Death is certain for all life, our past is but a bygone era, resting on our laurels will not lead to victory in the eternal struggle of life and death. The only semblance of order is gained through the mind's eye, relying on some divine intervention to rescue us from the clutches of endless nothingness. Perceiving life after death, in some shape or form, comforts us, eases us into acceptance. Beyond death we have envisioned an angelic scene, where our divine creator awaits with open arms, accepting of all, the test has ended, eternity shall now commence, we have arrived at our final destination. This happy ending resonates clearly with the mind, as if being given the truth, our untimely ultimate demise may hinder our perception of the end, it may hinder what to expect, it may hinder what we shall truly experience in the final moments in this plane of existence. 

Once we have reached the final stage of life, death begins, gradually at first, slowly encompassing our entire being, eventually drowning the last fragments of this reality. We are left with humanity's greatest and final mystery, what is truly after death. Can something like this be truly comprehensible, something so distant, yet answered to all, inescapably knowledge we shall possess, thrust upon us by the will of the universe, continuing without a hitch after we cease, living in solidarity with no one to perceive its immense beauty. Will consciousness continue in the next phase, will death have a realm, how will it be perceived, will awareness exist. One shall have all answers no matter the outcome, if nothingness persists, nothing shall be perceived, if something persists, something shall be perceived. Either outcome as real as the other, equally as likely, only those who have perished can testify the truth, those who have reached the end of this phase of creation, those before us, given the answer. Those of us who still reside in the mortal plane can only guess as to what we are destined for, ultimately guiding our fragile minds to the happy thoughts of yore, only succumbing to death's grasp in our final hurrah. Once we conquer this last bastion of life, shall our quest for knowledge be complete, the winds of life blowing infinity across the cosmos, our greatest challenge approaches, the will of man, fated to battle the inevitability of the infinite possible expressions of our wondrous universe. Ironic is the nature of the universe's most magnificent jest, man's greatest mystery, locked unreachable beyond death's impenetrable wall. 
