---
name: pigment_born
layout: default
title:  "Pigment born"
categories: Brother
---


Raised rightfully wrong, ingrained by the unapologetic , a hatred of pigment born.

The fortress of the mind, wanderers made wary, encroached by default on the contrary. Disagreement bred, to stubborn to oppose, wilted flower, the death of rose. Fields open to all, we grow impatient, the mind seduced and taken over in thrall. Portrayed in literature, the few shall speak, etched in the clandestine pages of the meek, we seek, comfort radically as if those that reach the peak, only can they claim history, the victors, changing as the tide, rewrite what’s right, the truth only seen, by the pale moonlight, cascading effortlessly to the minds delight, we fight for a brighter tomorrow, the pain we feel, ever so real, amplified in the rain of sorrows, our brothers are drained of their morrows, opportunities taken, unevenly distributed, equalities forsaken. Rattled we are, so tired of this deception, shaken to our core, we arrive in time for an interception, in time to change what’s wrong, making it ever so right, hear me now, play my song. 

My brother, I hear you, I stand for you, no more shall you suffer, let me be your buffer, to the hate, to the wrong, together we are strong,  in unity we stand, fighting to change this land, to create, and recreate, our dream, once held so high, fallen has our esteem. We righteously fight, for everything right, immunity given to those who seek, the destruction of our sacred pact, brotherhood imploring to stand up for the weak. Injustice is among us, we see it now, now is not the time to take a bow, heads held high, love held higher, we approach the reincarnation of man, hatred not tolerated, no one to be moderated, we demand justice for those not incarcerated, free from judgment many pass, infuriated rightfully is the mass, we fight as one, we fight at last, for my brothers we must surpass.

The time is here, the time is now, my brother hear me now. Wasteful is the anger, directed at we, together as one, shall we claim all that is under the sun, until my brother is free. Man is man, looked upon in disdain, for the religion he practiced, for the colour of his skin, not realizing we are all kin, this reign now ending, a better future we are lending, to the next, to the future, we leave this sacred text; the light upon our skin, connects us all, akin we are, to set the bar, for the seeds we plant, we will bleed our chant, together we are strong. Long have the hardships festered, the time for action has been gestured, the hands of the clock strike now, we have arrived, nothing left to be contrived, we divide no longer, we now know sonder, alleviated the right to ponder, we cannot squander. For I am you, and you are I, we together form the bond, everlasting the pact we made, we elicited the aide of the blade, our blood infused, with the passion to persuade, we do this now, we do this right, it’s time to fight for the light.

The light of the new horizon beckons, in an attempt, to rid this world of contempt.
We are free, we are proud, together finally we see the crowd, belligerent no more the voices are, praise now thunderously squalls, equal we are, forever forward, we must maintain, never to blunder only to sustain, this world rid of disdain. The time for growth intwined with fate, we reprieve the condemned, for it is not to late, decided together we must relate. Raised with privilege some are born, the weight of wait never felt, dauntless the pursuit for peace, removed is the thorn. The ones who opposed, identities exposed, the fleeting moment now imposed, encompassing all, true peace is here once and for all, together we stand, together we fall, all in all together we all are.

We have finally acquired what we had most desired, love and peace was all that was required.
