---
name: silent_observer
layout: default
title:  "The silent observer"
tags: silent_observer
categories: General
---

The silent observer

Daybreak once again beckons the attention of the consciousness; the mind unravels into wakefulness. As if by some stroke of predetermined fate, the biological clock that all man adheres to, jolts us, signaling the start, the body follows the strict guidelines set by its predecessors. Reality is lacking a certain vigor that it once held, as if the universe was jesting the idea of something much greater, on par with something more lurking between the crevices of the mind, inaccessible to the wakeful mind, perhaps in the best interest of the brain, shielded from the insanity that would unfold, comprehending the incomprehensible cannot be so easily comprehended.

The mask worn by all attached ever so rigidly, hiding the true feelings and emotions of the beholder. Obliged to comply with the demands of society, one bears the burden of the mask. Those who defy these simple guidelines, endure the echoing requiem of the masses in endless bombardment, solace is acquired only to those who brandish the mask. Only allowing those close to us to witness an altered vision of self, those close to us being shown what is needed, nothing more, nothing less, whatever is needed to satisfy our own vision of self. There are exceptions to this, hidden behind the façade of everyday life, there exists a passenger of sorts, always accompanying, always present. Never interacted with, it lies in wait, dutifully preforming all required tasks obediently. One of the selected few to bear witness to our true intentions, our true thoughts, our true goals, as if seeing past the mask we so diligently wear, the secrets we keep deep within ourselves, never allowing them to come to light, never allowing our vulnerability to seep out, the silent observer knows all.

Our perception, relayed into reality, obtained by constantly observing the world around us, takes shape as if magically. No efforts of the conscious mind go into the creation and sustainability of this unique ecosystem of the mind. The burden is willingly taken up by the silent observer, otherwise known as the unconscious mind. The information supercentre of the brain, where all past experiences reside, created by the many instances we have lived through, all filed somewhere in the brain, easily accessible given the correct prompt, all this taken for granted. We create an air of superiority within the brain, making all decisions about life, making all decisions about our shared future, our shared past, everything, do we truly know what we are doing is right. WE are in this together, two sides of the same coin, we share the common goal of survival, always upholding our end of life. From the blood that makes our heart beat, to the basics of information gathering, and everything in-between, we rely on the silent observer to uphold their end of the deal, to keep us living, to enable us to move, to help shape our reality, a pressure dealt ever so unfairly. What happens when we do not uphold our end of the deal. Do we even know what is in our best interests? Still our life continues, always moving forward, the flow of time perceived as it should be, always supported by the silent observer within us, but for how long?
